what happens when you pour gasoline on a
fire and what if the people that came to
put that fire out were the people who
started in the first place you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you we are going to look at just that
the people that started this fire that
poured the gasoline on it making it even
worse are the ones who come forward with
a so-called solution well we're going to
dig in deep and I wanted to start with
this Jeffrey golock compares the AI
booming stocks to the Doom bubble and
warns of economic pain the bond
King has said what we are seeing feels a
lot like
1999 he's not saying it is precisely but
note that this is unfortunately not the
best circumstance we don't want that we
want 20
2017 if you remember anything about 2017
they would say over and over and over
again the word Goldilocks that was the
number one term because everything was
pretty good everything was looking
fantastic now there are all these
exaggerations and AI of course despite
the fact that it will be very prominent
it will be used you know everywhere you
can think of I'm sure they're going to
find a way it's still being you know
just say the there's too much froth well
what's happening to make it get there in
the first place the FED is getting itchy
fingers on a rate cut Larry Summers
urges caution and says it's time to
Define what neutral means where are they
willing to get inflation down to that's
the issue here that of course we need to
think about now there's a lot of Central
Bank activity going
on and it's something that you need to
understand here because they are the
ones that have decided in the first
place where inflation should be where
this neutral rate should be they are the
ones though that caused the problem they
are the ones that are actually actively
creating an issue for
everyone what then do they pose as the
solution to the problem they created
well we'll get to that fed's bosk scales
back to single rate cut on inflation
concerns so some of them are saying
three rate Cuts some of them are saying
two and some of them are saying you know
more but in the case of bosk he's saying
that it's going to be a single rate cut
in
2024 fed's gouby says he sees three rate
Cuts this year so it all depends on who
you ask Bank of Canada expects it will
be able to begin cutting interest rates
sometime this year in uh officials are
split they don't know a lot of them are
talking about the same time frame of
Summer okay just like the Federal
Reserve the Swiss Central Bank Cuts
rates in Surprise move getting ahead of
global peers so they've already started
that I think it's important to note that
a lot of the central banks around the
world have moved to the point at which
they said okay we're done hiking or some
of them have started cutting and some of
them are kind of in a wait and see the
world's big central banks are on the
starting line of reversing a record
string of interest rate hikes but the
way down for borrowing costs will look
very different from the way up there
will be no floodgates or fireworks the
banks on the opposite side of the
Atlantic are likely to move in the
smallest increments with periodic pauses
fearing that ultr low unemployment could
rekindle inflation rates still above
their targets okay so we'll see what
happens there ultimately major Central
banks are going in this direction we are
seeing the big shift that big change
that could create more inflation at
least when we look at asset prices
because what do we know about assets
they love low interest rates but they
certainly don't like high interest rates
so we see that the potential for bubbles
to be fueled particularly as interest
rates decline watch it very carefully
and closely all right it's likely the
big central banks such as the ECB the
fed and the Boe all start get started
cutting rates in the middle of this year
and that's where the similarity stop the
speed and the destination will vary
across the globe and that's great for
fixed income opportunities basically
just look at around the world you can
see that they will take certainly will
take uh actions depending on their
circumstances but I think where we need
to look is no question the inflation
rates in reality not as the central
banks uh you know decide to you know
consider what inflation is the housing
prices rent prices they are poised to go
up rather than to go down this is a very
big concern because it's going to squash
people and ultimately what we are going
to see is more people living Under One
Roof that is likely to be the case where
does this bring us where does this lead
us I'm telling you right now this is it
I've been talking about this a while
Swift planning launch of new Central
Bank digital currency platform in 12 to
24 months we are talking about Central
Bank digital currencies
cbdcs I know that some have said they
will not accept the cbdc but just like
the brain chip it will not be something
that people want to get but they will be
indirectly forced to get how will they
do this it's very easy if they really
want everybody to accept a cbdc and that
will be because there's different types
of cbdcs there could be a circumstance
where cbdcs are used in this case here
not by individuals but by establishments
by governments they won't necessarily be
used by the average person they won't
know the difference but it could be the
circumstance where we see people they're
suffering they need help and so we need
to extend the hand that's right
Universal basic income and they say you
are going to need this cash and no
problem we have a very cheap way to get
this to you it's called a cbdc here you
are here's some free cash all you got to
do is sign on H and certainly people are
pushed to the edge they're getting
$1,000 of month $2,000 a month don't you
think there's potential that a lot of
people are going to be signing up to it
I think so I certainly think so and this
is where it all begins global bank
messaging Network Swift is planning a
new platform in the next one to two
years to connect the wave of Central
Bank digit currencies now in development
to the existing Finance system around
90% of the world central banks are
looking at digital versions of their
currencies but guess what this is the
craziest thing okay they are in its
latest trial it took six months and that
involved 38 member group of central
banks commercial Banks and settlement
platform has been one of the largest
global collaborations on cbdcs and
tokenized assets to date uhoh they've
already begun here we are what have the
people said about Central Bank digital
currencies we don't want them well
overwhelmingly people have said we don't
want this we have no need for this if
you look at the Federal Reserve today
the US dollar today that can facilitate
transactions all around the world you
have the FED now system which makes them
faster let me tell you sending a wire
from one part of the world to the other
hasn't got any cheaper um which that's
that's another issue
but supposedly if they actually allowed
it the money should be able to move from
one part of the world to the other part
of the World instantly basically
instantly within a second or two there's
no limitation other than intentional
limitations now today we have the
Internet it's all there it's all in
place so a central bank digital currency
all that does is put a another barrier
in between you and the wealth that you
have you may not have a lot of wealth
but it still puts a barrier in between
you and that how does that work I have
the I as an individual I am able to
capture my hard-earned effort into a
store of value okay let's say if we're
going to assume that the US dollar was a
store of value all right there it is
this is then um you know it's value it
deres it's from multiple things but
let's just say for instance it's the
government's ability to pay back its
debt okay let's just use that example
well then that's fine but now we took
away the government aspect of the US
dollar now it's something called a
Federal Reserve Note okay so now we're
really riing on the Federal Reserve but
now what happens when there's a central
bank digital currency we move one step
further away from our ability to have
any say in the circumstance and now you
go even further not even just the FED
but now the FED collaborating with other
central banks doing their thing we have
literally no say no jurisdiction no
election process nothing and that was
the the value that I captured with my
hard-earned effort and of course that
leads us into the point of where do we
keep our money well I can tell you right
now I I love to earn different
currencies this is something I do I earn
a lot of
currencies but we we can't keep our you
know all of our wealth in cash that
would be a big mistake because we know
they're devaluing that's what we talked
about here today and and so we need to
have something that stores that value
real assets do just that we want to have
real assets what are real assets of
course we have the perfect example of uh
real estate okay real estate is one
precious metals are another and you know
real things it could be a Rolex watch it
could be uh jewelry High carrat jewelry
for instance these things are real and
um you know the there's many other
examples business is a real asset um
there there's so many things that is
what is real that is what holds value
over time and we have a very very very
long history in these things to track
them and see where they've been you can
kind of get a idea of that um but that's
just what's happening so as we move
further away from capturing that value
we have to start thinking longer and
harder about where our money is being
kept
where are the value that we've provided
the hard effort that we have if you
agree with me if you want to you know
say that in a different way perhaps put
it down in the comments I really do
appreciate you being here hit that
thumbs up okay when you hit it you are
supporting this Channel and you are of
course speaking to the algorithm to help
this channel out I want to thank you for
that if you are interested in learning
about anything related to the financial
system related to how I earn multiple
currency all of that is available on my
website there's a link in the top of the
description the live the money gps.com
SL live is the absolute best place I
want to see you on there it is a small
group of people fantastic group of
people and I want you to be one of those
Okay click that link you can email me if
you have any other questions and as
always I'll see you tomorrow take care